Here's how I would go about weaving some data visualizations into our product proposal.
We surveyed a random sample of professionals
that are interested in creating an online course,
but haven't done so yet due to a handful of limitations.
We found that around 85 percent of the professionals that we
surveyed don't have the software or skills to use video-editing software.
We found that around 90 percent of the professionals
don't have the hardware needed to film course materials.
We found that around 80 percent of professional that we surveyed don't have access to
a content management system to create
dynamic student interactions like quizzes or exercises.
Finally, most of the professionals that we surveyed, around 95 percent,
feel like they have a lack of knowledge on academic courses design,
like grading rubric, curriculum,
setting of learning objectives, and etc.